The 'udisksvm' and 'traydvm' scripts operate between udisks and a window manager with a mouse and a system tray available.
They listen to events and act accordingly with removable media.
The 'traydvm' GUI utility is a script which displays a systray icon for a plugged-in device, with a right-click menu to perform
actions on the device.

udisks------->udisksvm----------->traydvm--------->systray icon
                 |                                     |
                 |                                     |
                 V                                     V
            automounting                        right-click menu
       (non optical disks only)                        |
                                                       |
                                                       V
					    commands to device media

The automounting feature is only for non-optical disks.
It can be disabled with the '-n', '--noauto' command line option.

In its present form there are only three actions : 'Mount', 'Unmount', 'Eject'
The 'Mount' action operates on devices with one partition,
The 'Eject' action is only activated for an optical disk; it automatically unmounts it, if necessary, before ejection.

The tooltip text when the mouse pointer is on the systray icon gives the folder in /media where the media can be accessed,
if mounted, in a file manager.

The 'traydvm' utility has no configuration file, as the popup menu and the actions are predefined in the script.

The 'udisksvm' and 'traydvm' scripts use the UDisks DBus API, so THEY NEED DBUS RUNNING, and UDisks installed.

For example, in Openbox and Tint2 with systray enabled, only add this line in $HOME/.config/openbox/autostart
to launch udisksvm without any output:

	udisksvm >/dev/null &

To see output and errors from the script, run it in a console without the redirection to /dev/null;
To have more verbosity, run it with the '-d' or '--debug' option.

The file system types and mount options are predefined, but the scripts are easily editable to change the choices made
or to add other file system types with specific options.
These file system types and options should be written in the two scripts 'udisksvm' and 'traydvm'.

This method can be considered a starting point to a more complete management of removable media in a GUI oriented approach.
But it can also be used as is, to simply automount, unmount or re-mount, for example, a USB memory stick or an external disk,
or for accessing data on optical CD/DVD disks, only with mouse clicks.
